#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt --resolver=backtracking requirements.in
#
adal==1.2.7
    # via
    #   azure-datalake-store
    #   msrestazure
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.3
    # via azure-cli
applicationinsights==0.11.10
    # via azure-cli-telemetry
argcomplete==2.1.2
    # via
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   knack
asgiref==3.6.0
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-countries
attrs==22.2.0
    # via jsonschema
azure-appconfiguration==1.1.1
    # via azure-cli
azure-batch==13.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-cli==2.46.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-cli-core==2.46.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-cli-telemetry==1.0.8
    # via azure-cli-core
azure-common==1.1.28
    # via
    #   azure-batch
    #   azure-graphrbac
    #   azure-keyvault
    #   azure-keyvault-administration
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-loganalytics
    #   azure-mgmt-advisor
    #   azure-mgmt-apimanagement
    #   azure-mgmt-appconfiguration
    #   azure-mgmt-applicationinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-authorization
    #   azure-mgmt-batch
    #   azure-mgmt-batchai
    #   azure-mgmt-billing
    #   azure-mgmt-botservice
    #   azure-mgmt-cdn
    #   azure-mgmt-cognitiveservices
    #   azure-mgmt-compute
    #   azure-mgmt-consumption
    #   azure-mgmt-containerinstance
    #   azure-mgmt-containerregistry
    #   azure-mgmt-containerservice
    #   azure-mgmt-cosmosdb
    #   azure-mgmt-databoxedge
    #   azure-mgmt-datalake-analytics
    #   azure-mgmt-datalake-store
    #   azure-mgmt-datamigration
    #   azure-mgmt-devtestlabs
    #   azure-mgmt-dns
    #   azure-mgmt-eventgrid
    #   azure-mgmt-eventhub
    #   azure-mgmt-extendedlocation
    #   azure-mgmt-hdinsight
    #   azure-mgmt-imagebuilder
    #   azure-mgmt-iotcentral
    #   azure-mgmt-iothub
    #   azure-mgmt-iothubprovisioningservices
    #   azure-mgmt-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-kusto
    #   azure-mgmt-loganalytics
    #   azure-mgmt-managedservices
    #   azure-mgmt-managementgroups
    #   azure-mgmt-maps
    #   azure-mgmt-marketplaceordering
    #   azure-mgmt-media
    #   azure-mgmt-monitor
    #   azure-mgmt-msi
    #   azure-mgmt-netapp
    #   azure-mgmt-network
    #   azure-mgmt-policyinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-privatedns
    #   azure-mgmt-rdbms
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservices
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservicesbackup
    #   azure-mgmt-redhatopenshift
    #   azure-mgmt-redis
    #   azure-mgmt-relay
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-search
    #   azure-mgmt-security
    #   azure-mgmt-servicebus
    #   azure-mgmt-servicefabric
    #   azure-mgmt-servicefabricmanagedclusters
    #   azure-mgmt-servicelinker
    #   azure-mgmt-signalr
    #   azure-mgmt-sql
    #   azure-mgmt-sqlvirtualmachine
    #   azure-mgmt-storage
    #   azure-mgmt-synapse
    #   azure-mgmt-trafficmanager
    #   azure-mgmt-web
    #   azure-multiapi-storage
    #   azure-storage-common
    #   azure-synapse-accesscontrol
    #   azure-synapse-managedprivateendpoints
    #   azure-synapse-spark
azure-core==1.26.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-appconfiguration
    #   azure-data-tables
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-administration
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-mgmt-core
    #   azure-multiapi-storage
    #   azure-synapse-accesscontrol
    #   azure-synapse-artifacts
    #   azure-synapse-managedprivateendpoints
    #   azure-synapse-spark
    #   msrest
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
azure-cosmos==3.2.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-data-tables==12.4.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-datalake-store==0.0.52
    # via azure-cli
azure-graphrbac==0.60.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-identity==1.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
azure-keyvault==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-cli
azure-keyvault-administration==4.0.0b3
    # via azure-cli
azure-keyvault-keys==4.8.0b2
    # via azure-cli
azure-keyvault-secrets==4.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-loganalytics==0.1.1
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-advisor==9.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-apimanagement==3.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-appconfiguration==2.2.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-applicationinsights==1.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-authorization==3.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-batch==17.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-batchai==7.0.0b1
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-billing==6.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-botservice==2.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-cdn==12.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-cognitiveservices==13.3.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-compute==29.1.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-consumption==2.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-containerinstance==10.1.0b1
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-containerregistry==10.1.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-containerservice==21.2.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-core==1.3.2
    # via
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   azure-mgmt-advisor
    #   azure-mgmt-apimanagement
    #   azure-mgmt-appconfiguration
    #   azure-mgmt-applicationinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-authorization
    #   azure-mgmt-batch
    #   azure-mgmt-batchai
    #   azure-mgmt-billing
    #   azure-mgmt-botservice
    #   azure-mgmt-cdn
    #   azure-mgmt-cognitiveservices
    #   azure-mgmt-compute
    #   azure-mgmt-containerinstance
    #   azure-mgmt-containerregistry
    #   azure-mgmt-containerservice
    #   azure-mgmt-cosmosdb
    #   azure-mgmt-databoxedge
    #   azure-mgmt-datamigration
    #   azure-mgmt-dns
    #   azure-mgmt-eventgrid
    #   azure-mgmt-eventhub
    #   azure-mgmt-extendedlocation
    #   azure-mgmt-hdinsight
    #   azure-mgmt-imagebuilder
    #   azure-mgmt-iotcentral
    #   azure-mgmt-iothub
    #   azure-mgmt-iothubprovisioningservices
    #   azure-mgmt-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-loganalytics
    #   azure-mgmt-managementgroups
    #   azure-mgmt-maps
    #   azure-mgmt-marketplaceordering
    #   azure-mgmt-media
    #   azure-mgmt-monitor
    #   azure-mgmt-msi
    #   azure-mgmt-netapp
    #   azure-mgmt-network
    #   azure-mgmt-policyinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-privatedns
    #   azure-mgmt-rdbms
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservices
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservicesbackup
    #   azure-mgmt-redhatopenshift
    #   azure-mgmt-redis
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-search
    #   azure-mgmt-security
    #   azure-mgmt-servicebus
    #   azure-mgmt-servicefabric
    #   azure-mgmt-servicefabricmanagedclusters
    #   azure-mgmt-servicelinker
    #   azure-mgmt-signalr
    #   azure-mgmt-sql
    #   azure-mgmt-sqlvirtualmachine
    #   azure-mgmt-storage
    #   azure-mgmt-synapse
    #   azure-mgmt-trafficmanager
    #   azure-mgmt-web
azure-mgmt-cosmosdb==9.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-databoxedge==1.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-datalake-analytics==0.2.1
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-datalake-nspkg==3.0.1
    # via
    #   azure-mgmt-datalake-analytics
    #   azure-mgmt-datalake-store
azure-mgmt-datalake-store==0.5.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-datamigration==10.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-devtestlabs==4.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-dns==8.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-eventgrid==10.2.0b2
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-eventhub==10.1.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-extendedlocation==1.0.0b2
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-hdinsight==9.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-imagebuilder==1.1.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-iotcentral==10.0.0b2
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-iothub==2.3.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-iothubprovisioningservices==1.1.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-keyvault==10.1.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-kusto==0.3.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-loganalytics==13.0.0b4
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-managedservices==1.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-managementgroups==1.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-maps==2.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-marketplaceordering==1.1.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-media==9.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-monitor==5.0.1
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-msi==7.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-netapp==9.0.1
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-network==21.0.1
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-nspkg==3.0.2
    # via
    #   azure-mgmt-consumption
    #   azure-mgmt-datalake-nspkg
    #   azure-mgmt-relay
azure-mgmt-policyinsights==1.1.0b4
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-privatedns==1.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-rdbms==10.2.0b6
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-recoveryservices==2.2.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-recoveryservicesbackup==5.1.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-redhatopenshift==1.2.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-redis==14.1.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-relay==0.1.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-resource==21.1.0b1
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-search==8.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-security==3.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-servicebus==8.2.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-servicefabric==1.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-servicefabricmanagedclusters==1.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-servicelinker==1.2.0b1
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-signalr==1.1.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-sql==4.0.0b8
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-sqlvirtualmachine==1.0.0b5
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-storage==21.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-synapse==2.1.0b5
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-trafficmanager==1.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-web==7.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-multiapi-storage==1.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-nspkg==3.0.2
    # via
    #   azure-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-nspkg
azure-storage-common==1.4.2
    # via azure-cli
azure-synapse-accesscontrol==0.5.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-synapse-artifacts==0.15.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-synapse-managedprivateendpoints==0.4.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-synapse-spark==0.2.0
    # via azure-cli
bcrypt==4.0.1
    # via paramiko
cachetools==5.3.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   msrest
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   urllib3
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   azure-datalake-store
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
chardet==3.0.4
    # via azure-cli
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via flex
colorama==0.4.6
    # via azure-cli
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via drf-yasg
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
cryptography==40.0.1
    # via
    #   adal
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-multiapi-storage
    #   azure-storage-common
    #   josepy
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   msal
    #   paramiko
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   urllib3
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via djangorestframework-xml
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via pygithub
distro==1.8.0
    # via
    #   azure-cli
    #   azure-cli-core
django==4.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-braces
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-extra-fields
    #   django-filter
    #   django-leaflet
    #   django-multiselectfield
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-yasg
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   opencensus-ext-django
django-braces==1.15.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cors-headers==3.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-countries==7.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extensions==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extra-fields==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==23.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-leaflet==0.28.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-multiselectfield==0.1.12
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-extra-fields
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   djangorestframework-gis
    #   drf-amsterdam
    #   drf-extensions
    #   drf-yasg
djangorestframework-csv==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-amsterdam
djangorestframework-gis==1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework-xml==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-amsterdam
drf-amsterdam==0.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-extensions==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-amsterdam
drf-yasg==1.21.5
    # via -r requirements.in
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
fabric==2.7.1
    # via azure-cli
flex==6.14.1
    # via -r requirements.in
google-api-core==2.11.0
    # via opencensus
google-auth==2.16.3
    # via google-api-core
googleapis-common-protos==1.59.0
    # via google-api-core
graypy==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via azure-cli-core
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   requests
    #   urllib3
importlib-metadata==6.1.0
    # via markdown
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-yasg
invoke==1.7.3
    # via fabric
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   msrest
itypes==1.2.0
    # via coreapi
javaproperties==0.5.2
    # via azure-cli
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via coreschema
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   knack
josepy==1.13.0
    # via mozilla-django-oidc
jsondiff==2.0.0
    # via azure-cli
jsonpointer==2.3
    # via flex
jsonschema==4.17.3
    # via swagger-spec-validator
knack==0.10.1
    # via azure-cli-core
markdown==3.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via jinja2
mozilla-django-oidc==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
msal[broker]==1.20.0
    # via
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   azure-identity
msrest==0.7.1
    # via
    #   azure-appconfiguration
    #   azure-data-tables
    #   azure-graphrbac
    #   azure-keyvault
    #   azure-keyvault-administration
    #   azure-loganalytics
    #   azure-mgmt-advisor
    #   azure-mgmt-apimanagement
    #   azure-mgmt-appconfiguration
    #   azure-mgmt-applicationinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-authorization
    #   azure-mgmt-batch
    #   azure-mgmt-batchai
    #   azure-mgmt-billing
    #   azure-mgmt-botservice
    #   azure-mgmt-cdn
    #   azure-mgmt-cognitiveservices
    #   azure-mgmt-compute
    #   azure-mgmt-containerinstance
    #   azure-mgmt-containerregistry
    #   azure-mgmt-containerservice
    #   azure-mgmt-cosmosdb
    #   azure-mgmt-databoxedge
    #   azure-mgmt-datamigration
    #   azure-mgmt-devtestlabs
    #   azure-mgmt-dns
    #   azure-mgmt-eventgrid
    #   azure-mgmt-eventhub
    #   azure-mgmt-extendedlocation
    #   azure-mgmt-hdinsight
    #   azure-mgmt-imagebuilder
    #   azure-mgmt-iotcentral
    #   azure-mgmt-iothub
    #   azure-mgmt-iothubprovisioningservices
    #   azure-mgmt-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-kusto
    #   azure-mgmt-loganalytics
    #   azure-mgmt-managedservices
    #   azure-mgmt-managementgroups
    #   azure-mgmt-maps
    #   azure-mgmt-marketplaceordering
    #   azure-mgmt-media
    #   azure-mgmt-monitor
    #   azure-mgmt-msi
    #   azure-mgmt-netapp
    #   azure-mgmt-network
    #   azure-mgmt-policyinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-privatedns
    #   azure-mgmt-rdbms
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservices
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservicesbackup
    #   azure-mgmt-redhatopenshift
    #   azure-mgmt-redis
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-search
    #   azure-mgmt-security
    #   azure-mgmt-servicebus
    #   azure-mgmt-servicefabric
    #   azure-mgmt-servicefabricmanagedclusters
    #   azure-mgmt-servicelinker
    #   azure-mgmt-signalr
    #   azure-mgmt-sql
    #   azure-mgmt-sqlvirtualmachine
    #   azure-mgmt-storage
    #   azure-mgmt-synapse
    #   azure-mgmt-trafficmanager
    #   azure-mgmt-web
    #   azure-multiapi-storage
    #   azure-synapse-accesscontrol
    #   azure-synapse-artifacts
    #   azure-synapse-managedprivateendpoints
    #   azure-synapse-spark
    #   msrestazure
msrestazure==0.6.4
    # via
    #   azure-batch
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   azure-graphrbac
    #   azure-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-consumption
    #   azure-mgmt-datalake-analytics
    #   azure-mgmt-datalake-store
    #   azure-mgmt-devtestlabs
    #   azure-mgmt-kusto
    #   azure-mgmt-managedservices
    #   azure-mgmt-relay
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
opencensus==0.11.2
    # via
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
    #   opencensus-ext-django
    #   opencensus-ext-postgresql
opencensus-context==0.1.3
    # via opencensus
opencensus-ext-azure==1.1.9
    # via -r requirements.in
opencensus-ext-django==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
opencensus-ext-postgresql==0.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
openpyxl==3.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   azure-cli
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   drf-yasg
paramiko==3.1.0
    # via
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   fabric
    #   scp
    #   sshtunnel
pathlib2==2.3.7.post1
    # via fabric
pkginfo==1.9.6
    # via azure-cli-core
portalocker==2.7.0
    # via
    #   azure-cli-telemetry
    #   msal-extensions
protobuf==4.22.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
psutil==5.9.4
    # via
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
psycopg2-binary==2.9.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   opencensus-ext-postgresql
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygelf==0.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pygithub==1.58.1
    # via azure-cli
pygments==2.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   knack
pyjwt[crypto]==2.6.0
    # via
    #   adal
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   msal
    #   pygithub
pymysql==1.0.2
    # via azure-cli
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   azure-cli
    #   paramiko
    #   pygithub
pyopenssl==23.1.0
    # via
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   josepy
    #   urllib3
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via requests
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   adal
    #   azure-multiapi-storage
    #   azure-storage-common
pytz==2023.2
    # via
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-yasg
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   flex
    #   knack
    #   swagger-spec-validator
requests[socks]==2.28.2
    # via
    #   adal
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-cosmos
    #   azure-datalake-store
    #   azure-keyvault
    #   azure-multiapi-storage
    #   azure-storage-common
    #   coreapi
    #   flex
    #   google-api-core
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   msal
    #   msrest
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
    #   pygithub
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via msrest
rfc3987==1.3.8
    # via flex
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
ruamel-yaml==0.17.21
    # via drf-yasg
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.7
    # via ruamel-yaml
scp==0.13.6
    # via azure-cli
semver==2.13.0
    # via azure-cli
sentry-sdk==1.17.0
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   azure-cli
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-cosmos
    #   azure-identity
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   flex
    #   google-auth
    #   isodate
    #   javaproperties
    #   msrestazure
    #   pathlib2
    #   python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.4.3
    # via django
sshtunnel==0.1.5
    # via azure-cli
strict-rfc3339==0.7
    # via flex
swagger-spec-validator==3.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via knack
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   django-countries
    #   swagger-spec-validator
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via djangorestframework-csv
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3[secure]==1.26.15
    # via
    #   azure-cli
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
urllib3-secure-extra==0.1.0
    # via urllib3
uwsgi==2.0.21
    # via -r requirements.in
validate-email==1.3
    # via flex
websocket-client==1.3.3
    # via azure-cli
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via deprecated
xmltodict==0.13.0
    # via azure-cli
zipp==3.15.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
