#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements_dev.txt requirements_dev.in
#
asgiref==3.5.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   django
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
attrs==22.1.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
azure-common==1.1.28
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
azure-core==1.26.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   msrest
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
azure-identity==1.12.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
azure-keyvault==4.2.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
azure-keyvault-certificates==4.6.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   azure-keyvault
azure-keyvault-keys==4.7.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   azure-keyvault
azure-keyvault-secrets==4.6.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   azure-keyvault
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
black==22.10.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
build==0.9.0
    # via pip-tools
cachetools==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   msrest
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   flex
    #   pip-tools
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   drf-yasg
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
coverage[toml]==6.5.0
    # via pytest-cov
cryptography==38.0.4
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   josepy
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
datapunt-keycloak-oidc==0.5.1
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipdb
    #   ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   djangorestframework-xml
django==3.2.16
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   django-braces
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-extra-fields
    #   django-filter
    #   django-leaflet
    #   django-multiselectfield
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-yasg
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
django-braces==1.15.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
django-cors-headers==3.13.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
django-countries==7.4.2
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
django-debug-toolbar==3.8.1
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
django-extensions==3.2.1
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
django-extra-fields==3.0.2
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
django-filter==22.1
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
django-leaflet==0.28.3
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
django-multiselectfield==0.1.12
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   django-extra-fields
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   djangorestframework-gis
    #   drf-amsterdam
    #   drf-extensions
    #   drf-yasg
djangorestframework-csv==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   drf-amsterdam
djangorestframework-gis==1.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
djangorestframework-xml==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   drf-amsterdam
drf-amsterdam==0.4.1
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
drf-extensions==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   drf-amsterdam
drf-yasg==1.21.4
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   openpyxl
exceptiongroup==1.0.4
    # via pytest
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
factory-boy==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_dev.in
    #   pytest-factoryboy
faker==15.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements_dev.in
    #   factory-boy
    #   pytest-faker
flex==6.14.1
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
google-api-core==2.11.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   opencensus
google-auth==2.15.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
googleapis-common-protos==1.57.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
graypy==2.1.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   markdown
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   pytest-factoryboy
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
ipdb==0.13.9
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
ipython==8.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_dev.in
    #   ipdb
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   msrest
isort==5.10.1
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   coreapi
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   coreschema
josepy==1.13.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
jsonpointer==2.3
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   flex
jsonschema==4.17.3
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   swagger-spec-validator
markdown==3.4.1
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via ipython
mozilla-django-oidc==1.2.4
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   datapunt-keycloak-oidc
msal==1.20.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   azure-identity
msrest==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via black
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
opencensus==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
opencensus-context==0.1.3
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   opencensus
opencensus-ext-azure==1.1.7
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
openpyxl==3.0.10
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
packaging==22.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   build
    #   drf-yasg
    #   pytest
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.10.2
    # via black
pep517==0.13.0
    # via build
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pip-tools==6.11.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
platformdirs==2.6.0
    # via black
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
portalocker==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   msal-extensions
prompt-toolkit==3.0.36
    # via ipython
protobuf==4.21.11
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
psutil==5.9.4
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
psycopg2-binary==2.9.5
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pygelf==0.4.2
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
pygments==2.13.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   ipython
pyinstrument==4.4.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
pyjwt[crypto]==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   msal
pyopenssl==22.1.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   josepy
pyrsistent==0.19.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
pytest==7.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_dev.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-env
    #   pytest-factoryboy
pytest-cov==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
pytest-django==4.5.2
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
pytest-env==0.8.1
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
pytest-factoryboy==2.5.1
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
pytest-faker==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via faker
pytz==2022.6
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-yasg
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   flex
    #   swagger-spec-validator
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   azure-core
    #   coreapi
    #   flex
    #   google-api-core
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   msal
    #   msrest
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   responses
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   msrest
responses==0.22.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
rfc3987==1.3.8
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   flex
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
ruamel-yaml==0.17.21
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   drf-yasg
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.7
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   ruamel-yaml
sentry-sdk==1.11.1
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   flex
    #   google-auth
    #   isodate
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
strict-rfc3339==0.7
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   flex
swagger-spec-validator==3.0.3
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   ipdb
    #   responses
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   build
    #   coverage
    #   pytest
traitlets==5.6.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
types-toml==0.10.8.1
    # via responses
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   azure-core
    #   black
    #   django-countries
    #   pytest-factoryboy
    #   swagger-spec-validator
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   djangorestframework-csv
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==1.26.13
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   responses
    #   sentry-sdk
validate-email==1.3
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   flex
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
werkzeug==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
wheel==0.38.4
    # via pip-tools
zipp==3.11.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
